[Autogenerated] before we begin declaring our contracts will first
take a high level look at spring cloud contracts.
Contract definition language.
As the name implies, the contract definition language is used to build contracts.
It's designed to be a straightforward way to declare interactions
between consumers and providers on integrate seamlessly into the
spring cloud contract ecosystem.
It's also written in Groovy, But don't let that scare you.
If you don't know.
It only uses a small subset off the language and is designed
to be easy for any developer to understand.
It's also statically typed,
which is important to point out to those familiar
with groovy as a dynamic language.
Because of this,
programmers will be able to figure out all the fields and methods available
in a DSL easily and in terms of supported interactions.
It comes with first class support for both hate TTP,
our messaging out of the box.
We'll be focusing on hate TTP and Ness module, a messaging based interactions.
Later, If we were to declare a hate TTP contract,
the first thing we do is called a make method,
which creates a contract object within.
Now we can and declare our top level request closure on within.
Now we can declare to request,
feels a expects here we're declaring a hate TTP method of
get on a u r L path of Hello world.
This means any get request a hollow world will comply with the contract.
If you're wondering about the required value of
over fields like body or headers, the answer is that they can be any value.
The contracts only cares about the fields declared within it.
Next weaken declared a top level response.
Closure.
This is where we put a response that we want our contract to give.
When the request is made,
we can declare a status of two hundreds a body of hollow to
you on a content type head of application.
Jason,
on here we have our agreed interaction Our requests to be made by a
consumer under response to be given by our provider changing our
contract creation together into a workflow.
We would first switch to our provider project.
This is because the contracts typically live even here within
another intermediary repository in this module will stick with
keeping them in the provider within our provider we done at the
spring cloud contract verifier dependency This is what gives us a
contract definition language.
The ability to build contract stops on the ability to
build contract verification tests.
We don't create our contract dot grieve e file.
This would normally live in a directory with the same name is Arkin Shima.
So it's easy to know what consumer has what interaction with our provider.
We then declared he expected request in the contract.
Normally the request we're trying to make in our failing test and
then declared he expected response in the contract the response
needed to make our failing Tass pass.
I'm finally we Benin Stoltzfus skipping tests in the process.
We skipped the test because for now,
all we're doing is generating our contract stops. We don't care about the functionality on the provider side yet.